Li Zhaolin
You bully men and women to show your beauty
He is worthy of others to take the bitter and cold land
The two people in the company are assigned their positions to the world
I don't want
Sister, save my sister, I don't want it.
You are the Qing army
So you are the Qing army
You didn't say it was me.
I can't
Cuihua
You've been lying to me
It's you who keeps saying you're helping me
actually
Actually, you've been watching my jokes
You think of me as a pig, don't you?
You're wrong again.
I never thought about it that way.
Below Today
It's your fault
blame yourself
A word from you
Deny all my efforts
It shouldn't be like this
Obviously, it's all on my own
You are all I have always looked down on you
Why?
Why? What happened?
You help me.
It was God who arranged for me to save my life
It's god
God is telling me to tell my child
You are indeed more powerful than I thought ahead
I was not wrong about you.
I thought you were extraordinary
It's regal.
Ten Days of Chivalry
Will be able to send the dragon to sea
Unlike this Qin Ming
After so many years, he is still a small manager
So unpromising
Do you believe I'll beat you to death?